add changelogs (#150)
OctoMind-dev/mintlify-docs: changelog.mdx

icon: "sparkles"
---

## 2024-02-23

> - `improved stability`: (not sure how to explain here)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `improved stability`: serverless agent and test execution
```

> - `improved stability`: (not sure how to explain here)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `improved stability`: made sure our app is running smoothly without hick-ups even with multiple test report running in parallel
```

> - `discover test cases`: our AI Agent will analyse your webpage and suggest multiple prompts which describe your test flows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `discover test cases`: our AI Agent will analyse your webpage and suggest multiple prompts
```

> - `discover test cases`: our AI Agent will analyse your webpage and suggest multiple prompts which describe your test flows

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `discover test cases`: our AI Agent will analyse your webpage and suggest multiple prompts which describe your user flows
```

<Frame caption="screenshot 02/2024">

>   <img src="images/changelog/discover-screen.png" alt="new discovery feature" />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <img src="/images/changelog/discover-screen.png" alt="new discovery feature" />
```

</Frame>

> - `approval workflow`: once our AI Agent has finished the discovery, you have an option to approve or discard provided suggestions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `approval workflow`: once our AI Agent has finished the discovery, you have an option to approve or discard the provided suggestions.
```

>   Discarding will delete the draft, while approval will give the prompt to our AI Agent to start generating steps from it

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Discarding will delete the draft, while approval will start our AI Agent with the corresponding prompt
```

<Frame caption="screenshot 02/2024">

>   <img src="images/changelog/approval-screen.png" alt="new discovery feature" />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <img src="/images/changelog/approval-screen.png" alt="new discovery feature" />
```

</Frame>

## 2024-02-15

- `test report generation speed up` : we are now running published test cases within a report in parallel
- `auto fix`: you can now select which test cases our AI Agent should try to auto fix once they fail

<Frame caption="screenshot 02/2024">

>   <img src="images/changelog/auto-fix.png" alt="auto fix feature" />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <img src="/images/changelog/auto-fix.png" alt="auto fix feature" />
```

</Frame>

> - save rail overhaul:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- save button for test case drafts overhaul:
```

Reviewer 2: I dont think people know what a rail is

>   - we replaced save rail with the functionalities that were inside it. Now we have 3 separate buttons

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  we replaced save rail with the functionalities that were inside it. Now we have 3 separate buttons
```

Reviewer: maybe look at that one, but we don't need single bullet point within single bulelt point

>   - we replaced save rail with the functionalities that were inside it. Now we have 3 separate buttons

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - we replaced the save rail with multiple buttons that were hidden in a separate screen. Now we have 3 separate buttons
```

  1. save button: to save changes made
  2. run button: to run the selected test case
  3. publish button

>   run button is also visible in on published test cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The `run` button is also visible in published test cases
```

>   run button is also visible in on published test cases

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  run button is also visible on published test cases
```

<Frame caption="screenshot 02/2024">

>   <img src="images/changelog/save-rail-overhaul.png" alt="save rail overhaul" />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <img src="/images/changelog/save-rail-overhaul.png" alt="save rail overhaul" />
```
